increases optimism in the search for
the black boxes of the Malaysian plane
airlines that disappeared 35 days ago
with 239 people on board according to the first
minister of australia tony abbott all
indicates that the pulsations detected
by a vessel of your country belong to the
black boxes of that ship so
alternate
with fran albert and signs of the detecten
There are 300 although 17 boats and 19 aircraft
8 countries search for the remains of the plane in the
surface of the sea in an area of ​​18 thousand
square miles west of australia
the prospection with robots in the bed
marine has been reduced to a space of
500 square miles comparing this
search with that of air flight 447
france whose black boxes were
found two years after his
disappearance the task becomes easier
now because the bottom of the Indian Ocean
flatter and there is less danger that the
accidents of relief confuse the
detection equipment but if in that
moment the depth was three thousand
nine hundred meters now the fact is 600
meters deeper to that depth the
weight of the water on the robots is the
equivalent to a person carrying 50
Jumbo planes on their shoulders
well better that is friend of captain and
spokesman of the association of
professional pilots to interpret
this latest information we are a
little as at the beginning you do not know
exactly what happened but well there
new information that we can deduce from
health or information and good night
Felix thank you very much for the vital not the
today yes as not here yet
we are optimistic there is a lot of optimism
that you can find the black boxes
they are trying to do everything
possible so that these boxes are the
Battery lasts 30 days when it is certified
this is supposed to last 30 days but
always a little bit more and they are trying
of 30 days last the battery lasts
news always says the black boxes
how many are cosep are dominant if they are
two faces are not black they call it black
but in reality they are orange color a
striking color and both contain two
types of information one is in
the yen area and compare in that
found under the compartment
flight that box is called the copihue by
that records the conversation that is in the
cabin and with the transient control what
who bought that is correct then the
another box is in the tail of the
airplane
is the box that records all of the
More than 1000 parameters with the plane
it could even height all the data of
navigation all record one for two
hours the other lasts 25 hours and house today
in more sophisticated days that last a
little more for experts on the subject and
there's been a lot of talk about this they say
it was very strange that the boxes sometimes
they had literally disappeared you think
what happened
look here a little bit of european to
Malaysian government at the beginning because
they did not want any of the
nations cooperate in the search and
rescue then them in interests
personal because it is an airline of
my rights and of the clear government that yes
they seem to want to keep it
among themselves they had three weeks
I would say that they lost three weeks
you have to learn from this role and today it came out
a comment an article about that
when they got tired they saw that the
search for fruitless bing and other
Nations began to give him intelligence
as the USA have spy satellites and
other nations
they entered another investigation after another
phase and it could be deduced that the plane did
a turn and I do not know the area where I
they were looking was not the right area
and finally they were able to conclude
because of all they could get
that the plane fell
some one thousand five hundred thousand five hundred
kilometers two thousand kilometers east of
the aqualia coast is growing
we can interpret that the government of
malaysia knew that there was that turn and not
it was transparent enough it was not
gave all the information today it came out that he
the Malaysian air force saw in
military radar that the plane made a
turn but they did not follow the plane
I simply reduced that made a
turn means that it goes back to
airport and from there nothing was learned
If that happens in the USA obviously
it would have been different because when a
plane makes a turn in a way like
it is prey I ask for force is activated
aerial and there's a what I call January
intercept that the fire comes out
intersect the plane to see what is
happening but let's from now on
ahead we can hope find
in those two black boxes that are not
figures like no
and that we do training can be drawn to
yesterday there was another signal but the signal
turned out to be false and these boxes no longer
he has almost energy left and they are trying
to use the whole possible zonal system
It would be good if they could try two
more signs to make a good
triangulation the positive thing about this is that
the area was reduced we were talking about
57 thousand square kilometers now
we are talking 1,300 kilometers
square the next phase is to stretch the
internal group as is the vehicle
autonomous the problem of this vehicle
autonomous moves to three knots of
speed for an area of 1300
square kilometers
then lower the vehicle and make a
travel in the water and before lowering the
vehicle have to be make a
photograph of the seabed in case there is
some kind of rock or something like that
program the marine vehicle thing that
do not go accidentally experience
we have to go fast
we will quickly know what happened
you can find the black box
you can locate maybe where the
apparatus but we will know what happened good
I'm an optimist I think if the flight
of air france took two years in control
it was known what happened
this flight because at least you know
where in what area are the boxes would be
everything is tomorrow a blow of
loose and I would say the area that you have to
be versed in speed more
or less it would take like some four to
six weeks
thank you very much the program